Let us start a discussion on building a R studio shiny app for RF PA design and development. 
1.Goal 
   i) Assits designers in making clear, concise, data driven, reproducible, compatible with external software decisons and designs
   ii) Capture design flows and learn from experience
   iii) end to end design from first priciples -> concept -> theoretical calcualtion -> Architecture selection -> Topology selection -> Die selection -> simulation with ADS/AWR -> layout -> Tapeout -> Assembly -> Measurement & verification -> Conclusion -> Lessons learnt
    
	
2. Approach
   i) Modular apporach
   ii) Machine independent 
   iii) Script independent logics as much as possible
   iV) Flexibility to chooose any/suitable architectrue, work flow per segment/module
   V) Scalable
   Vi) Multi-dimensional view ()
   
   
3. Systems
   i) Project management  
   ii) Data management
  iii) State & configuration management 
   iV) AI agents & management
   V) Machine learning system
   Vi) MCP system to deal/use external tools/data.
   Vii) Chatbot system that supports internal and external knowledge
   Viii) Front end and back end system 
   iX ) Tagging system or meta data system (tag an feature, module dataset, ....wrt to time, architecture, system, module,costs) so that the project can be reconfigured based on tags.
   X) Fool proof security system
   Xi) Strategy manager for design & development
   Xii) De-bug manager
   
4. Features
   i) Import export data, tables, figures, flow diagrams into popular file formats  wherever needed 
   ii) Export interactive reports
   iii) Change of app themes and styles
   iV) matrix, spiral architecture. 2D view is a rectangular matrix with core elements (first principle, concepts) in the first circle followed by next level elements. But in 3D View it is spiral showing elements/aspects/flow belonging to different dimensions. 
        A layered approach in given dimension. A clear beinning/end/handshake of activity from one layer/dimension to other. Clearly mapped optimized interaction betweeen layers and dimensions.
		Clear connection and review of one layer/dimension in the perspective of another layer/dimension when needed. For example reviewing design from manafacturability point of view...
		
5. Guidelines
   i) Realistic, rationale and data driven approach for fundamental aspects/flow
   ii) The colors, themes, text and all app aspects should be day view, night view and color blind view compatible   
   iii) While generating code apply holistic approach. Do not implement localized logics. Reviw code and reuse, apply according to the app's "big picture"
   iV) All AI agents are expers in their field who would not just believe the data but will explore its authenticity, applicability, testability, reproducibality  before implementing.
   V) All AI agents adhere to "automotive" & "space mission" (high) standars with no room for errors.
   
 6. The most important aspect is that once finalized, I want to use this apps's system to apply/develop other relevant apps. So please think, maintain a separate document with instructions to how to develop another app on these lines from scratch using a fool proof model.
 
   Let us first work on the app acrhitectrue to finer details. Provide an editable html file based on above description where the app architecture has a 2D editable and 3D view to add fine/tune text/promts for a given layer/dimension. You can then review my suggestions and upate architecture. This process will continue unitl we fine tune the apps architecture
   Once agreed we then layout a detailed execution plan for the module in a step by step manner.
   Present the app architecture in a unbroken orange peel format where when looked from top looks like a circe/ellipse but when viewed from side shows the interconnected layers. You may also use the analytical view of galaxy's journey though space 
		
		Create a separate folder for this Project and start working in this folders